add_region Ksksta Keskusta
add_stop_to_region 35 Ksksta
add_stop_to_region 44 Ksksta
add_stop_to_region 526 Ksksta
add_stop_to_region 537 Ksksta
add_region Fnlsn Finlayson
add_stop_to_region 52 Fnlsn
add_stop_to_region 87 Fnlsn
add_subregion_to_region Fnlsn Ksksta
add_region Tmmrkski Tammerkoski
add_stop_to_region 3 Tmmrkski
add_stop_to_region 14 Tmmrkski
add_stop_to_region 36 Tmmrkski
add_stop_to_region 38 Tmmrkski
add_stop_to_region 69 Tmmrkski
add_subregion_to_region Tmmrkski Ksksta
add_region Nlkla Nalkala
add_stop_to_region 46 Nlkla
add_stop_to_region 47 Nlkla
add_stop_to_region 50 Nlkla
add_stop_to_region 80 Nlkla
add_stop_to_region 92 Nlkla
add_subregion_to_region Nlkla Ksksta
add_region Sks Sokos
add_stop_to_region 10 Sks
add_stop_to_region 11 Sks
add_subregion_to_region Sks Nlkla
add_region Kskstri Keskustori
add_stop_to_region 1 Kskstri
add_stop_to_region 2 Kskstri
add_stop_to_region 5 Kskstri
add_stop_to_region 7 Kskstri
add_stop_to_region 8 Kskstri
add_stop_to_region 12 Kskstri
add_stop_to_region 15 Kskstri
add_stop_to_region 41 Kskstri
add_stop_to_region 42 Kskstri
add_subregion_to_region Kskstri Nlkla
add_region Kyttla Kyttala
add_stop_to_region 108 Kyttla
add_stop_to_region 504 Kyttla
add_stop_to_region 505 Kyttla
add_stop_to_region 506 Kyttla
add_stop_to_region 519 Kyttla
add_stop_to_region 528 Kyttla
add_stop_to_region 529 Kyttla
add_stop_to_region 536 Kyttla
add_stop_to_region 553 Kyttla
add_stop_to_region 575 Kyttla
add_subregion_to_region Kyttla Ksksta
